My deepest condolences to the families. As a Muslim I feel ashamed that my religion is being used to commit crimes like these. I wish all those Muslims who have issues with Western values would just leave and pick a country who shares their values and has no secularism. I wonder how long they would make it there.
I can't believe how this coward would choose a concert venue for a pop singer whose fan base demographic are teenage girls. Make no mistake about it, children were the deliberate targets for this latest horrific, terrorist attack. Parents unsuspectingly took their innocent teenage girls to an Ariana Grande concert for a seemingly fun night of entertainment and were victimized by a deadly suicide bombing. Even those who were not killed or injured will be mentally traumatized for life. Thank God the terrorist never made it inside of the venue and the bomb detonated outside the main entrance in a public space, or else the fatalities would have been much worse. Acts of violence against innocent children in the name of a religion or ideology? The dehumanization continues. God help us. Praying for the victims and their families at this time!
Yeah there's a lot of waste in the budget. Apparently we're spending over 100 million a year on security deal for some woman who doesn't want to hold hands with, let alone, be near her creepy, grabber, billionaire husband.
These photos are silly. Do not play with people feelings. These attacks are motivated by an ideology. The ideology is called Wahabi, Salafist, Radical Islam. Do not downplay the threat. It is like we are in the year 1937 and the media is trying to downplay the threat of Nazi Germany. Very very naive to downplay an existing threa
Absolutely boring. I know GGM has his fanboys and lackeys out there but the fact that Joyce and Proust never got this award, it proves or shows that you Swedes cannot read well. Ugh, that first paragraph or even the first sentence of Cien años de soledad, ugh, how hideously composed! I wonder if Flaubert would have dug this Márquez dude. Why read García Márquez when one can enjoy Borges, Casares, Filloy, Di Benedetto or Mujica Lainez?
Einstein was a genius and he came up with great ideas even when he had a regular job of a patent clerk. People like him can develop anywhere. Most of us, however, are not genii, we need to be surrounded by educated people to develop our thoughts. The problem with education nowadays is not that it is specialised, the problem is that good minds are going into applied sciences while basic research does not interest anyone because it brings no income. Another HUGE problem of science is the thought that big data and big groups can solve everything! This is wrong. given enough time and talent, one person can solve problems that seem unsolvable.
How can any army which occupies a people be considered remotely moral? If that was the case, the British Empire would have been the most moral and virtuous entity the world has ever known. It is an absolute travesty that this is even considered a debate, and shows how little man has actually progressed.
Yeah, this has to be the most useless post I've seen. I'm sure you had access to better pictures that would've produced interesting captions such as how violent the police were in removing the addicts from their make-shift homes or how 'efficient' the operation was. Anything would have been more interesting than this semi-Instagram worthy picture.
Just a really weak article. No insights whatsoever ... a repitition of the 12 other no information or insight budget articles we've seen this week. When did the economist become partisan? I'm liberal and getting tired of it.
The entire argument is flawed, because in your analogy, the owners of big companies are the Elizabeth I of our times. They are the only ones who gain net benefit from breakthroughs of industrial engineering. Everyone else breaks even or sees inflation erode their relative earnings.
have we learned nothing from the terminator? Must we all die so some psychos in white coats play god? It's bad enough we have d wave. Can we jus chill out with the self destruction for like 5 minutes?
Ashamed how people that follow TED are becoming worst and becoming eaten by hate. They can't even be civilized enough to arrange their commented opinions properly without putting hate speech, the world is already full of it.