Vry good article, it exposes the excesses and major wrongdoings of the DEA in its oprations abroad. These are major elements against foreign countries going into greater cooperation with the USA in fighting drugs abroad.
My daughter loves the Uni book. She's fascinated with proving unicorns are real plus the illustrations are lovely. We cannot wait to read this sequel. Did the late AKR write it? With three young children, I have a house full of her clever books.
When I told everyone I wanted to be a stand up comic they all laughed. Ten years later I finally made it and nobody's laughing now
The far reaching extent of people in the world are inherently good. This man could have ran off, and done nothing. Instead, he stepped up. We need more people to step up in all phases of life. This isn't an issue we can kill our way out of.
"Just because I'm homeless doesn't mean I haven't got a heart." You, sir, have more heart than many very extremely wealthy men and women whose jobs are to care for their fellow citizens... I'm from the USA so yes, I am referring to our cruel leadership in DC. I hope they read your story and take inspiration from your actions. Bless and thank you
I don't really understand all the controversy surrounding this legend winning!! Did you even listen to him singing? His words touched my soul.
OMG, this is one of my absolute favorite novels of all time. I fell totally in love with it by the first paragraph. Okay, granted, I have only read Gregory Rabassa's English translation, but I found it truly magical and wondrous and strongly related to so many of the experiences depicted. However, I do know a lot of people who could never get into it. To each his or her own.
Inconsistent social prestige is what he is describing in this interview. This is very common for a scholar who does not come from wealth. My deepest admiration to him for his diligent work and perseverrence though many issues.
Congratulations Taiwan! This is a great day for human rights and equality before the law. As per usual, the homophobic religious nutjobs spewing their hateful bile on here are ALL closeted gays themselves who are trying to divert attention away from their own deeply repressed same sex attractions. It is classic Freudian psychology!
This is incredibly fascinating to me. I've seen that smiling can easily break language barriers. I can connect with people by smiling alone. It's obvious through body language. Smiling is a huge asset that we have! Of course there are some people who do not have the capacity to smile with their mouths. This should be considered. I remember one time I was watching a makeover show. Don't judge me lol. The woman suffered an accident and was paralyzed. She couldn't smile or cry. She was one a model and her altered appearance was devastating to her. The make up artists and fashion designers made her over. When the look was revealed, she was so moved that it was as if she was smiling. Her eyes spoke words that could not ever be expressed. It was beautiful to see.
Although I am an Atheist and although the Catholic Church has been implicit in horrible crimes against humanity and specifically the vulnerable, I believe that Pope Francis is good, honest and empathetic man and an excellent religious leader for these times.